MIG-1531: MTC docs missing Direct Migration Requirements (#73269)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-rsync-for-direct-volume-migration.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-direct-migration-requirements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-rsync-for-direct-volume-migration"]
= Configuring `rsync` for direct volume migration

> Direct Volume Migration in {mtc-short} uses `rsync` to synchronize files between the source and the target persistent volumes (PVs), using a direct connection between the two PVs.

Author: ```suggestion
Direct Volume Migration (DVM) in {mtc-short} uses `rsync` to synchronize files between the source and the target persistent volumes (PVs), using a direct connection between the two PVs.
```

`rsync` is a command-line tool that allows you to transfer files and directories to local and remote destinations.

> The `rsync` command used by Direct Volume Migration is optimized for clusters functioning as expected.

Author: ```suggestion
The `rsync` command used by DVM is optimized for clusters functioning as expected.
```

|string
|Empty
|Reserved for any other arbitrary options.
|===

* Setting the options set through the variables above are _global_ for all migrations. The configuration will take effect for all future migrations as soon as the operator successfully reconciles the `MigrationController` CR. Any ongoing migration can use the updated settings depending on which step it currently is in. Therefore, it is recommended that the settings be applied before running a migration. The users can always update the settings as needed.

* Use `rsync_opt_extras` variable with caution. Any options passed using this variable are appended to the `rsync` command, with addition. Ensure you add white spaces when specifying more than one option. Any error in specifying options can lead to a failed migration. However, you can update `MigrationController` CR as many times as you require for future migrations.

* Customizing `rsync_opt_info` flag can adversely affect the progress reporting capabilities in {mtc-short}. However, removing progress reporting can have a performance advantage. This option should only be used when the performance of Rsync operation is observed to be unacceptable.

[NOTE]
====

> The default configuration used by Direct Volume Migration is tested in various environments. It is acceptable for most production use cases provided the clusters are healthy and performing well.

Author: ```suggestion
The default configuration used by DVM is tested in various environments. It is acceptable for most production use cases provided the clusters are healthy and performing well.
```
